docs/content/modules/configuration/pages/configvars/configvars-notifications.adoc, before:

== Hyperwallet webhook notifications configuration variables

[cols="2,1,3,1"]
|===
|ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE |MANDATORY |DESCRIPTION |EXAMPLE VALUE

|`PAYPAL_HYPERWALLET_RETRY_FAILED` `_NOTIFICATIONS_CRON_EXPRESSION`
|NO (default value: `0 0/15 * * * ? *`)
|The cron expression to trigger periodically the Failed Notifications Retry Job.
|`1 30 0 1/1 * ? *`

|`PAYPAL_HYPERWALLET_RETRY_NOTIFICATIONS`
|NO (default value: `true`)
|Whether or not Hyperwallet notifications should be retried when an error occurs (e.g. connection issues). If set to `true`, any notification that fails is stored in the database and automatically restarted up to `PAYPAL_HYPERWALLET_MAX_AMOUNT` `_OF_NOTIFICATION_RETRIES` times. If set to `false`, notifications are not stored or retried
|Possible values:`true` or `false`

|`PAYPAL_HYPERWALLET_MAX_AMOUNT_OF_NOTIFICATION_RETRIES`
|NO (default value: `5`)
|Sets the amount of retries a Hyperwallet notification operation can be retried before it is discarded. Whenever a notification is discarded, an email is sent to the integrators so it can be analyzed and addressed
|Possible values: Any positive integer

|===

Commit message:

[ISSUE-126] Allowing confirm linked documents to be supplied to Mirakl Invoices payment confirmations in order to support Manual Invoices

docs/content/modules/configuration/pages/configvars/configvars-notifications.adoc, after:

== Hyperwallet webhook notifications configuration variables

[cols="2,1,3,1"]
|===
|ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE |MANDATORY |DESCRIPTION |EXAMPLE VALUE

|`PAYPAL_HYPERWALLET_RETRY_FAILED` `_NOTIFICATIONS_CRON_EXPRESSION`
|NO (default value: `0 0/15 * * * ? *`)
|The cron expression to trigger periodically the Failed Notifications Retry Job.
|`1 30 0 1/1 * ? *`

|`PAYPAL_HYPERWALLET_RETRY_NOTIFICATIONS`
|NO (default value: `true`)
|Whether or not Hyperwallet notifications should be retried when an error occurs (e.g. connection issues). If set to `true`, any notification that fails is stored in the database and automatically restarted up to `PAYPAL_HYPERWALLET_MAX_AMOUNT` `_OF_NOTIFICATION_RETRIES` times. If set to `false`, notifications are not stored or retried
|Possible values:`true` or `false`

|`PAYPAL_HYPERWALLET_CONFIRM_LINKED_DOCUMENTS`
|NO (default value: `false`)
|Whether or not to confirm linked documents from an invoice (manual invoice confirmation).
|Possible values:`true` or `false`

|`PAYPAL_HYPERWALLET_MAX_AMOUNT_OF_NOTIFICATION_RETRIES`
|NO (default value: `5`)
|Sets the amount of retries a Hyperwallet notification operation can be retried before it is discarded. Whenever a notification is discarded, an email is sent to the integrators so it can be analyzed and addressed
|Possible values: Any positive integer

|===
